Implemented onBufferEnd cb prop for FilePlayer, YouTube and Facebook (#615)
CookPete/react-player: README.md

`onDuration` | Callback containing duration of the media, in seconds
`onPause` | Called when media is paused
`onBuffer` | Called when media starts buffering

> `onBufferEnd` | Called when media has finished buffering (works for file paths, YouTube and Facebook players)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`onBufferEnd` | Called when media has finished buffering<br />&nbsp; ◦ &nbsp;Works for files, YouTube and Facebook
```
